HTML 	
Valid HTML code, using a wide range of elements, clearly organised with appropriate use of Joomla templates.

CSS 	
Valid, maintainable code, using a wide range of custom selectors and classes, web page is reactive to screen size.

JavaScript 	
Valid, well formatted code, including validation and DOM manipulation/AJAX that uses JavaScript best practices.

Design 	
Good website navigation flow that is intuitive to the user with a strong visual design. The website's purpose is clear and brings value to the user.

Content 	
All the features requested in the project brief are implemented appropriately.

Flask Code 	
Formatted, commented and well organised code that responds to requests by the client by performing non-trivial data manipulation and page generation operations.

Data Models 	
Well considered database schema, good authentication, and maintainable models. Some evidence of DB migrations.

Testing 	
Comprehensive test suite, containing 5+ unit tests and 5+ selenium tests. The latter should run with a live version of the server.

Security 	
Passwords correctly stored as salted hashes in database. Use of CRSF tokens to prevent CRSF attacks on the website's forms. Correct storage of environment variables in configuration files.

Commits (individual) 	
Regular commits with high-quality messages providing meaningful but not overly detailed description of and reason for the changes.

Issues (individual) 	
Excellent use of the Github Issues tab, with issues regularly used both to describe both bugs and missing functionality. The former have detailed instructions about how to reproduce.

Pull requests (individual) 	
Excellent use of the Github Pull Requests tab, with meaningfully named pull requests regularly used to add both individual features and fix bugs.

Teamwork (individual) 	
Evidence of collaboration between team members on Github, including in-depth discussion on other people's issues, and helpful code reviews on other people's pull requests with the feedback being taken into account before merging.
